---
Date: 2024-11-07
Description: 
Player:
  - Bas
  - Elena
  - Timothy
tags:
  - Notes
---
As we finished defeated the scarecrows we discuss some things about [[John Wilks]]
[[Kalani]] uses Detect Magic as a ritual to find out what is going on with the field
There are remnents of a sphere of magical energy of the school of illusion around the field
It is pretty recent and probably stopped working around the time we destroyed the scarecrows.
Ambient sounds also came back after we destroyed the scarecrows.
As [[Allaric Strange]] investigates the scarecrows he finds out that they are not magic but there are magic parts inside of it. Steel, bones, tubing. The scarecrows are actually pretty sophisticated machines (Constructs).
They don't give off any magical energy.
We brought the construct (Scarecrow) back to the inn and leave it there as we head to [[Temple of Selune]]

As we approach the doors [[Kalani]] knocks on them a few times.
After a finding out the knocking doesn't make any sound [[Kalani]] pushes the door open which opens very smoothly.
There is lots of light in the form of candles and chandeliers and an altar.
It is a very pretty temple. As we walk in there is a soft hum of a choir even though there is no physical choir.
As [[Kalani]] starts praying to [[Selune]] he hears a voice ask him what he wants from the star mother ([[Selune]]). 
He tells her someone is opposing a lot of troubled souls which he wants to help to escape.  After this she responds that she is not [[Selune]] herself. He looks up and sees that the voice comes from a woman which looks like Kalani but more white. (Air Genasi)
The Air Genasi tells us she is called [[Remiss]]
[[Kalani]] asks if she knows what is going on with the crops around [[Woodworthy Manor]].
[[Allaric Strange]] asks what an air genasi is doing in these parts. She tells us she is here to take care of the temple.
[[Remiss]] gives [[Kalani]] a translation of the scroll of truth to read and meditate on.
[[Kalani]] tells [[Remiss]] about the [[Writings of the Lady of Light]] that he made and she takes a look at it.

[[Kalani]] finishes reading the scroll of truth and sees a sparkle from the left eye of the statue of [[Selune]] fall to the ground. It is a tiny little sapphire teardrop that [[Kalani]] picks up.
The gem appears to have some magic stored into it.
Remiss walks back out and is excited about the [[Writings of the Lady of Light]] and tells [[Kalani]] he is a prophet of [[Selune]] and asks if she can copy the writings. While she does this [[Kalani]] tells her about the warnings of [[Selune]].
[[Kalani]] invites [[Remiss]] to join him for the harvest ritual he will perform at dawn at the 29th of Libra.
After this we leave we go to the town hall. On route we see a raccoon person go into an alleyway. We follow him and lose him. He went up the roof and scurried along and dissapears.

We go back to the town hall and walk in. Sitting. behind the reception desk is an older orc woman ([[Agatha]]).  After a little persuasion she goes look if the mayor has time to meet us.
In his planner we see that a few weeks ago he had an appointment with [[John Wilks]] and a few days ago he had an appointment with the artificer [[Johnny Silverhand]]
We got a meeting for the 29th at around 9.


We leave and make plans for the next day.
- [ ] Ask Hurdiny about [[Johnny Silverhand]] (Today)
- [ ] Ask Hurdiny about the scarecrows
- [ ] Check for magic in crop fields (Tonight)
- [ ] Harvest Ritual from Kalani in the morning at dawn (~07:00)
- [ ] Meeting the [[Mayor Ramsay]] at 09:00
- [ ] Investigate the crops to see if they are being poisoned magically (Detect Magic from [[Kalani]] ) and investigating the soil for non magical poison.
- [ ] Investigate [[Johnny Silverhand]]
- [ ] Investigate the festival and follow any leads